In this tutorial, we will finalize our special effects. In the projectile class, I commented out the DrawDebugSphere line,
because we now have an explosion and we don't need this rendering.
I have ported the shooter game effects using Cascade to Niagara.
The first effect is the explosion of the projectile. It consists of four emitters.
The first emitter is a system of particles that have a collision.
The second emitter is a blue burst. The third is a simple flash and the fourth is smoke particles. Thus, a complex effect is obtained.
I also added new impacts to the appropriate folder.
The first effect is the default, when we fall into an object that does not have a physical material set.
The effect also consists of multiple emitters and looks like a bullet hits a metal surface.
Ground effect will not be different. I just copied the default effect.
Next comes body impact. In fact, these are the same emitters, but I increased the number of particles.
And the last effect is the head impact, when we fall into the character's head. I increased the number of splash particles significantly
and also gave them a shade of red. I will not delete the old effects. I'll move them to the dev folder.
Let's set the final effects for our weapon. Let's start with projectile.
Open the asset and in WeaponFXComponent replace our old Niagara effect with the new explosion effect.
NS_ProjectileExplosion
Next, move to the STURifleWeapon asset.
And also in WeaponFXComponent we replace all old Niagara effects with new ones.
Let's see what happened. We start the game.
We shoot at the ground. A subtle bullet effect spawns.
If we shoot at the character, then there is much more spray, and if we shoot the head, then a whole fountain will spawn.
The effects will spawn even if we kill our opponent. Checking the explosion of the launcher.
It looks quite impressive. Plus, the particles have collisions, so they will remain on the surface for some time.
Let's put our game together. Let's check that everything works in a packaged form.
The assembly was successful. Checking special effects. Checking the impacts on the enemy character.
Then we shoot from the grenade launcher. Checking the explosion and trace from the rocket.
We run into the sphere. The camera shakes. The red widget is flashing.
We are dying. Postprocessing is displayed as well and ragdoll works too.